c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\obj\Debug\DapperWebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\DapperWebApp.dll.config
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\DapperWebApp.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\DapperWebApp.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\DapperWebData.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\DapperWebData.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\obj\Debug\DapperWebApp.dll
c:\users\bujji\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\obj\Debug\DapperWebApp.pdb
C:\Users\BUJJI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.dll
C:\Users\BUJJI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.pdb
C:\Users\BUJJI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DapperWebApp\DapperWebApp\bin\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.xml
